README.md, before:

# Infrastructure (Centralized)

This repository serves as the **Hub** for all global infrastructure resources across the Best Shot ecosystem.

## Core Responsibilities

1.  **Identity & DNS**: Manages the Route 53 Hosted Zone for `mario.productions`.
2.  **Shared Networking**: (Future) VPCs, Peering, Global Accelerators.
3.  **Cross-App Routing**: Manages DNS records (CNAMEs/Aliases) for all sub-services.

## Project Structure

- `provider.tf`: AWS connection settings.
- `main.tf`: Resource definitions (The Hosted Zone and DNS records).
- `terraform.tfstate`: (Local) The current deployment state.

## Current Managed Services

| Service              | Domain                                    | Target                      |
| :------------------- | :---------------------------------------- | :-------------------------- |
| **Frontend Demo**    | `best-shot-demo.mario.productions`        | Managed in `best-shot` repo |
| **Frontend Staging** | `best-shot-staging.mario.productions`     | Managed in `best-shot` repo |
| **Frontend Prod**    | `best-shot.mario.productions`             | Managed in `best-shot` repo |
| **API Demo**         | `api-best-shot-demo.mario.productions`    | Railway Cluster             |
| **API Staging**      | `api-best-shot-staging.mario.productions` | Railway Cluster             |
| **API Prod**         | `api-best-shot.mario.productions`         | Railway Cluster             |

## Workflow

1.  Navigate to this folder.
2.  Run `terraform plan` to preview changes.
3.  Run `terraform apply` to push changes to AWS.
4.  Commit changes to version control.

Commit message:

feat: centralize infrastructure management and refactor project structure

README.md, after:

# Infrastructure

This repository manages the infrastructure for `mario.productions` and its sub-projects using **Terraform**. It orchestrates resources across AWS (S3, CloudFront, Route53), Railway, Vercel, and Netlify.

## Getting Started

### 1. Prerequisites
- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads) installed.
- Access to the necessary API tokens for the providers.

### 2. Environment Setup (Important!)
Terraform requires sensitive API tokens to authenticate with the various providers. These should **never** be committed to Git.

1.  Create a `.env` file in the root directory (this file is git-ignored):
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env  # If an example exists, or create one manually
    ```
2.  Add your tokens to the `.env` file:
    ```bash
    TF_VAR_railway_token=your_railway_token
    TF_VAR_vercel_token=your_vercel_token
    TF_VAR_vercel_team_id=your_team_id
    TF_VAR_netlify_token=your_netlify_token
    ```

### 3. Running Terraform
Before running any terraform commands, you must load these variables into your shell session.

**Option A: One-liner (Recommended)**
```bash
export $(grep -v '^#' .env | xargs) && terraform plan
export $(grep -v '^#' .env | xargs) && terraform apply
```

**Option B: Export manually**
You can also `source` the file or export the variables manually in your terminal profile, but the one-liner ensures you are using the project-specific configuration.
